hello welcome to all
in the kitchen of the palace of flavors
today it's nice it's the month
of September we will enjoy it for
to make the last ice cream
sowing fredo unitary way
you want to know what is going to look like
undo him well look
to make this recipe you will have
need some little meringues 200
g of praslin in grain without fine grains
50 g of caramel liquid topping
salted butter 4th 90 g caster sugar
vail centilitres of fresh cream
whole cold liquid and a spoon to
liquid vanilla extract coffee for
start their recipes we have
mix the egg yolks and the sugar
until the mixture whitens
once the mixture is ready one
now go to the editing of the whites
of eggs in snow with a pinch of salt
egg whites are incorporated into
mixtures of egg yolks and its
great in the world that now cream
fresh and vanilla cream chantilly
we mix the whipped cream with the preparation
former
we almost finished asking to do the
dessert we will now fill the
Silicone imprints one by one
once the fingerprints get filled in
half we're dotted with broken pieces of
Meringue
we sprinkle a problem and we come
complete with the rest of the dough the
molds up to the brim now he
just place in the freezer for a
minimum of five to six hours the
frozen desserts have spent 10 hours at
freezer so as you can the
see this start very easily
it is recommended to take them out 5 to 10
minutes in advance I take each semi
fredo I put it on a plate
filled with praslin so the pralin skol
under the sowing fredo I present it in
a plate and I pour caramel
salted butter
I let you imagine the killing that
these islands get rid of you wait son
dessert to awaken your taste buds and well
I invite you to come back to see me
next week Wednesday and Saturday and
not to mention of course you
on my channel the palate of flavors I
you gave after soon ready
bonused to goodbye